Chapter 1 of the help menu: STARTING OUT.

        1 - STARTER PACK
            When you spawn for the first time, you get a starter pack which
            contains some useful stuff. For example, a few pieces of iron and 10 coins.

        1.1 - XP AND LEVELS
              When you leave the house, you get 10 XP. XP shows how much you have
              played the game. The more XP you have, the higher your level is. For example:
              level 2 is 100 XP. Level 5 is 300 XP and so on and so forth. At the start of
              the game you have 0 XP. You can view your amount of XP by typing xp().

Chapter 2 of the help menu: RESOURCES AND MATERIALS.

        2 - TYPES OF MATERIALS
            There are three classes of materials: ordinary, rare and extraordinary.
            The ordinary materials are iron and coal.
            The rare material is gold and bronze.
            The only extraordinary material is emeralds.

        2.1 - PURPOSES OF DIFFERENT MATERIALS
              Basic materials:
                Iron - with iron you can craft armor and tools. Also, you can repair them.
                       It can be sold to a merchant for 3 coins each.
                Coal - with coal you can use ovens. Ovens give you the ability to cook
                       food and therefore boost up your hunger. IMPORTANT NOTICE: the more
                       hunger you have, the less you are actually hungry. If your hunger is
                       at 20, this means that you don't need to eat AT ALL.
                       It can be sold to a merchant for 2 coins each.

              Rare materials:
                Gold - with gold you can make jewelry. Jewelry does nothing and serves no 
                       purpose at all. You can also FORGE COINS with gold but there is a 1 to 3 
                       chance that you will be caught. Gold can be sold to a merchant for 10 coins 
                       and bought for 20 each.
                Bronze - bronze can be used in armor and weapons. However, bronze weapons and
                         armor are not as durable as the iron ones because iron is much harder.
                         Bronze can be sold to a merchant for 7 coins and bought for 15 coins each.

              Extraordinary materials:
                Emeralds - emeralds are precious gemstones. They can be traded for tools and
                           other materials. They are completely cosmetic and don't have any
                           purpose besides trading.
                           Each can be sold to a merchant for 15 coins and bought for 25.


        2.2 - LOCATIONS WHERE THE MATERIALS APPEAR
              Basic materials:
                Iron - can be found in caves, however you steel need to melt the iron ore in an
                       oven with coal in order to get iron.
                Coal - can be found in caves as well. It appears more often than iron does. You
                       can use it as soon as you mine it.

              Rare materials:
                Gold - can be found in caves and bandit hideouts. It is thrice as rare as iron.
                       It can be used as soon as you mine it.
                Bronze - can be found in caves, more specifically in copper alloy. Also, it can
                         be found in doors, entrances, fountains, handrails, etc.
              
              Extraordinary materials:
                Emeralds - they can be found in mountain region caves. They can also be found in
                           jewelry stores.

Chapter 3 of the help menu - FOOD.
        3 - TYPES OF FOOD
              There are three types of food: vegetables, fruits and meat. Each of them restore the
              hunger points, but differently. Meat usually boosts your hunger by 5-7, whereas veg-
              etables only 3-5. IMPORTANT NOTICE: You must cook meat, or otherwise you have a 1 to 2
              chance of getting sick.
        3.1 - WHERE DOES THE FOOD APPEAR
              Vegetables - usually appear on trees, however you can either find them in the town or
                           buy them from a merchant.
              
              Fruits - usually appear on trees and bushed, however you can either find them in the
                       town or buy them from a merchant.

              Meat - can be obtained from animals. Animals can be found outside the town; but you
                     can kill animals in the town. There is a 1 to 3 chance that you will be caught
                     and fined.

Chapter 4 of the help menu - LOCATIONS.
        4 - SPAWN
              You spawn in a small town called Johncenangton. Since it is a small, unremarkable town,
              you don't have much to do there. The people that live here are poor, but the ones that
              rule it are filthy rich.
        4.1 - CAVES
              Caves are useful places where you can find different ores. Some ores require you to melt
              them, but some don't. But be careful, the deeper you go, the bigger the chance of you
              falling and therefore dying.
        4.2 - BANDIT HIDEOUTS
              Bandit hideouts are places where you can find gold and emeralds. Usually not a lot, but
              if you're lucky, you can even get 3 emeralds at a bandit hideout! Also, remember that
              you must have an appropriate amount of XP or otherwise you WILL BE KILLED.
