Chapter 2 of the help menu: RESOURCES AND MATERIALS.

        2 - TYPES OF MATERIALS
            There are three classes of materials: ordinary, rare and extraordinary.
            The ordinary materials are iron and coal.
            The rare material is gold and bronze.
            The only extraordinary material is emeralds.

        2.1 - PURPOSES OF DIFFERENT MATERIALS
              Basic materials:
                Iron - with iron you can craft armor and tools. Also, you can repair them.
                       It can be sold to a merchant for 3 coins each.
                Coal - with coal you can use ovens. Ovens give you the ability to cook
                       food and therefore boost up your hunger. IMPORTANT NOTICE: the more
                       hunger you have, the less you are actually hungry. If your hunger is
                       at 20, this means that you don't need to eat AT ALL.
                       It can be sold to a merchant for 2 coins each.

              Rare materials:
                Gold - with gold you can make jewelry. Jewelry does nothing and serves no 
                       purpose at all. You can also FORGE COINS with gold but there is a 1 to 3 
                       chance that you will be caught. Gold can be sold to a merchant for 10 coins 
                       and bought for 20 each.
                Bronze - bronze can be used in armor and weapons. However, bronze weapons and
                         armor are not as durable as the iron ones because iron is much harder.
                         Bronze can be sold to a merchant for 7 coins and bought for 15 coins each.

              Extraordinary materials:
                Emeralds - emeralds are precious gemstones. They can be traded for tools and
                           other materials. They are completely cosmetic and don't have any
                           purpose besides trading.
                           Each can be sold to a merchant for 15 coins and bought for 25.


        2.2 - LOCATIONS WHERE THE MATERIALS APPEAR
              Basic materials:
                Iron - can be found in caves, however you steel need to melt the iron ore in an
                       oven with coal in order to get iron.
                Coal - can be found in caves as well. It appears more often than iron does. You
                       can use it as soon as you mine it.

              Rare materials:
                Gold - can be found in caves and bandit hideouts. It is thrice as rare as iron.
                       It can be used as soon as you mine it.
                Bronze - can be found in caves, more specifically in copper alloy. Also, it can
                         be found in doors, entrances, fountains, handrails, etc.
              
              Extraordinary materials:
                Emeralds - they can be found in mountain region caves. They can also be found in
                           jewelry stores.
